Add information on media asset licensing to /Learn (#27223)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/multimedia_and_embedding/images_in_html/index.md

> **Note:** Search engines also read image filenames and count them towards SEO. Therefore, you should give your image a descriptive filename; `dinosaur.jpg` is better than `img835.png`.

You could also embed the image using its absolute URL, for example:

```html
<img src="https://www.example.com/images/dinosaur.jpg" alt="Dinosaur" />
```

> But this is not recommended. In general you should host the images you want to use on your own site, which in simple setups means keeping the images for your website on the same server as your HTML. In more advanced setups, you might use a [CDN (Content Delivery Network)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CDN) to deliver your images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an absolute URL for the `src` attribute is not recommended. In general, you should host the images you want to use on your own site, which in simple setups means keeping the images for your website on the same server as your HTML. In more advanced setups, you might use a [CDN (Content Delivery Network)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CDN) to deliver your images.
```

Author: Noted, but I ended up making this change slightly differently, to also talk a bit about why relative URLs are more efficient in maintenance terms. That is an important piece of the story.

> If you did not create the images, you should also make sure you have permission to use them under the conditions of the license they are published under (see [Media assets and licensing](#media_assets_and_licensing) for more information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you did not create the images, you should make sure you have the permission to use them under the conditions of the license they are published under (see [Media assets and licensing](#media_assets_and_licensing) below for more information).
```

> If you did not create the images, you should also make sure you have permission to use them under the conditions of the license they are published under (see [Media assets and licensing](#media_assets_and_licensing) for more information).

Author: I don't agree with this one; I am linking to a specific title that is cased in the way I wrote it, so I think the capital should stay?

> > **Warning:** **Never** point your `src` attribute at an image hosted on someone else's website **without permission**. This is called "hotlinking". It is considered unethical, since someone else would be paying the bandwidth costs for delivering the image when someone visits your page. It also leaves you with no control over whether the image is removed or replaced with something embarrassing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** _Never_ point the `src` attribute at an image hosted on someone else's website _without permission_. This is called "hotlinking". It is considered unethical, since someone else would be paying the bandwidth costs for delivering the image when someone visits your page. It also leaves you with no control over the image being removed or replaced with something embarrassing.
```

> The previous code snippet would give us the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous code snippet, either with the absolute or the relative URL, will give us the following result:
```

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Active_learning_embedding_an_image', 700, 350) }}

## Media assets and licensing

> Images (and other media asset types) you find on the web will be released under a variety of different license types. Before you use an image on a site you are building, you should make sure that you own the image, have permission to use it, or comply with the licensing conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images (and other media asset types) you find on the web are usually released under a variety of different license types. Before you use an image on a site you are building, make sure that you either own the image or have the permission to use it and are complying with its licensing conditions.
```

would there be a case of adding a license for your own image?

Author: I've updated this paragraph slightly differently.

I deliberately didn't include a section on licensing your own published images (although I did think about it). I didn't think it was really relevant to the main thrust of the article, and although interesting and useful to some, it would be somewhat distracting.

> ### License types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Understanding license types
```

> Let's look at the common categories of license you are likely to meet on the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at some common categories of licenses you are likely to find on the web.
```

#### All rights reserved

Creators of original work such as songs, books, or software often release their work under closed copyright protection. This means that, by default, they (or their publisher) have exclusive rights to use (for example, display or distribute) their work. If you want to use a copyrighted image, you need to:

- Obtain explicit, written permission from the copyright holder.
- Pay some kind of license fee to use it. This can be a one-time fee for unlimited use ("royalty-free"), or it might be "rights-managed", in which case you might have to pay specific fees per use by time slot, geographic region, industry or media type, etc.

#### Permissive

> If the image is released under a permissive license such as [MIT](https://mit-license.org/), [BSD](https://opensource.org/license/BSD-3-clause/), or a suitable [Creative Commons (CC) license](https://creativecommons.org/choose/), you do not need to pay a license fee or seek permission to use it, but there are various licensing conditions you will have to fulfill, which vary by license.
> 
> §For example, you might have to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an image is released under a permissive license such as [MIT](https://mit-license.org/), [BSD](https://opensource.org/license/BSD-3-clause/), or a suitable [Creative Commons (CC)](https://creativecommons.org/choose/) license, you do not need to pay a license fee or seek permission to use it, but there are various licensing conditions you will have to fulfill, which vary by license.

For example, you might have to:
```

Author: Fixed, in a slightly different way

> §For example, you might have to:

Author: Duh, nope ;-)

- Provide a link to the original source of the image and credit its creator.
- Indicate whether any changes were made to it.
- Share any derivative works created using the image under the same license as the original.
- Not share any derivative works at all.
- Not use the image in any commercial work.
- Include a copy of the license along with any release that uses the image.

> > **Note:** You will come across the term "copyleft" in the context of permissive licenses. Copyleft specifically refers to licenses (such as the [GNU General Public License (GPL)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)) stipulating that derivative works have to have their source code released under the same license as the original, to keep the source code open. They are designed specifically for open source software releases, hence they are also sometimes called "open source licenses". They are not really suitable for licensing of media assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You will come across the term "copyleft" in the context of permissive licenses. Copyleft specifically refers to licenses (such as the [GNU General Public License (GPL)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)) stipulating that derivative works need to have their source code released under the same license as the original to keep the source code open. They are designed specifically for open source software releases; hence, they are also sometimes called "open source licenses". They are not really suitable for licensing of media assets.
```

Author: Fixed by one of Estelle's suggestions. I also added in some of your improvements.

> Explore the links to read the licenses and see the kinds of conditions they specify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore the links to read about the licenses and see the kinds of conditions they specify.
```

> Explore the links to read the licenses and see the kinds of conditions they specify.

Author: I've updated the text to specify that I am talking about the links to the license types earlier in the section.

#### Public domain/CC0

> Work that has been released into the public domain is sometimes referred to as "no rights reserved" — no copyright applies to it, and it can be used without permission or having to fulfill licensing conditions. Work can end up in the public domain by various means, for example expiration of copyright, or specific waiving of rights. One of the most effective ways to place work in the public domain is to license it under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/), a specific creative commons license that provides a clear and unambiguous legal tool for this purpose.

Author: This suggestion was nearly perfect; I've implemented it in its entirety apart from a couple of different tweaks.

> Work that has been released into the public domain is sometimes referred to as "no rights reserved" — no copyright applies to it, and it can be used without permission or having to fulfill licensing conditions. Work can end up in the public domain by various means, for example expiration of copyright, or specific waiving of rights. One of the most effective ways to place work in the public domain is to license it under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/), a specific creative commons license that provides a clear and unambiguous legal tool for this purpose.
> 
> When using public domain images, you should obtain proof that the image is in the public domain, for example take a screenshot of the original source with the licensing status clearly displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work that has been released into the public domain is sometimes referred to as "no rights reserved", that is, no copyright applies to it, and it can be used without permission or having to fulfill any licensing condition. Work can end up in the public domain by various means, such as on the expiration of copyright or through specific waiving of rights. One of the most effective ways to place work in the public domain is to license it under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/), a specific creative commons license that provides a clear and unambiguous legal tool for this purpose.

When using public domain images, you should obtain proof that the image is in the public domain. For example, take a screenshot of the original source with the licensing status clearly displayed.
```

Author: Fixed by one of Estelle's suggestions.

> When using public domain images, you should obtain proof that the image is in the public domain, for example take a screenshot of the original source with the licensing status clearly displayed.

Author: Crikey, it's a minefield out there. Glad you included this text, much better advice.

> When using public domain images, you should obtain proof that the image is in the public domain, for example take a screenshot of the original source with the licensing status clearly displayed.

Reviewer: > But there are image repositories that basically create images just so they can sue people.

woah!

### Searching for permissively-licensed images

There are a couple of different options for searching for permissive-licensed images to use in projects.

1. Use a search engine to search for an appropriate term, such as "public domain images", "public domain image library", or "open licensed images". Some search engines have specific tools to help you find images with permissive licenses. For example, when using Google, go to the "Images" tab to search for images, then click "Tools". There is a "Usage Rights" dropdown in the resulting toolbar where you can choose to search specifically for images under creative commons licenses.

> 2. Go to a known image repository sites such as [Flickr](https://flickr.com/), [ShutterStock](https://www.shutterstock.com), or [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/). Most such sites have search options to allow you to search just for permissively-licensed images. There are also sites that exclusively distribute permissively-licensed images and icons, such as [Picryl](https://picryl.com) and [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to a known image repository site, such as [Flickr](https://flickr.com/), [ShutterStock](https://www.shutterstock.com), or [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/). Most such sites have search options to allow you to search specifically for permissively-licensed images. There are also sites that exclusively distribute permissively-licensed images and icons, such as [Picryl](https://picryl.com) and [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/).
```

Reviewer: I would make the above two points bulleted instead of numbered

Author: I ended up removing the bullets altogether as per one of Estelle's suggestions. I think it works better now, as the ways we have recommended are not the only two ways, although they are by far the easiest and most common.

Explore the links provided earlier in this section to read about the different license types and the kinds of conditions they specify.

#### Public domain/CC0

Work released into the public domain is sometimes referred to as "no rights reserved" — no copyright applies to it, and it can be used without permission and without having to fulfill any licensing conditions. Work can end up in the public domain by various means such as expiration of copyright, or specific waiving of rights.

One of the most effective ways to place work in the public domain is to license it under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/), a specific creative commons license that provides a clear and unambiguous legal tool for this purpose.

When using public domain images, obtain proof that the image is in the public domain and keep the proof for your records. For example, take a screenshot of the original source with the licensing status clearly displayed, and consider adding a page to your website with a list of the images acquired along with their license requirements.

### Searching for permissively-licensed images

> You can find permissive-licensed images for your projects using image search engine or directly from image repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find permissive-licensed images for your projects using an image search engine or directly from image repositories.
```

> Search for images using a description of the image you are seeking along with relevant licensing terms. For example, when searching for "yellow dinosaur" add "public domain images", "public domain image library", or "open licensed images" to the search query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Search for images using a description of the image you are seeking along with relevant licensing terms. For example, when searching for "yellow dinosaur" add "public domain images", "public domain image library", "open licensed images", or similar terms to the search query.
```

Some search engines have tools to help you find images with permissive licenses. For example, when using Google, go to the "Images" tab to search for images, then click "Tools". There is a "Usage Rights" dropdown in the resulting toolbar where you can choose to search specifically for images under creative commons licenses.

> Image repository sites, such as [Flickr](https://flickr.com/), [ShutterStock](https://www.shutterstock.com), or [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/), have search options to allow you to search just for permissively-licensed images. Some sites exclusively distribute permissively-licensed images and icons, such as [Picryl](https://picryl.com) and [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image repository sites, such as [Flickr](https://flickr.com/), [ShutterStock](https://www.shutterstock.com), and [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/), have search options to allow you to search just for permissively-licensed images. Some sites exclusively distribute permissively-licensed images and icons, such as [Picryl](https://picryl.com) and [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/).
```
